Just don't fucking eat.
Go out and steal some ketchup packets.
Use your damn MUNI transfer more than once.
Eat your meals at the Costco sample line.
Do your fucking laundry once every two months.
Do your laundry at your parents' house for fucking free.
Today's steamed rice is tomorrow's fried rice.
Save the fucking takeout containers.
Steal wireless from a neighbor.
Who the hell needs daily showers?
Only one flush a day.
Extra lemons + sugar packets = lemonade
Don't fucking tip.
No happy hour? No way.
Don't fucking take taxis. Even late at night. Even when it is 10 degrees below zero.
Drink fucking water at a bar.
Give your kids an empty toilet paper roll as a fucking toy.
Fucking wear your clothes more than once.
Use both sides of the fucking toilet paper.
Turn your damn underwear inside out.
Watch movies on shitty YouTube.
Go fucking dumpster diving.
Drive 10 fucking miles to save 20 measly cents on gas.
Never do fucking valet.
Never fucking pay for parking.
Lug your shitty 200 lb luggage to your hotel room by yourself.
Make a crappy friend at Google and eat your fucking meals there.
Never fucking buy organic.
Round down your fucking share when splitting checks.
Fucking pick up pennies from the ground.
Just fucking eat food past the expiration date.
Always buy from the fucking as-is section.
Get the daily fucking paper from the discard rack at Starbucks.
Never fucking buy a new car.
Fucking never buy anything new.
Read fucking magazines and newspapers at the library.
Fucking bring tupperware to buffets.
Pick up stuff off the curb at the end of the month when people fucking move.
Take fucking naps at air-conditioned banks during hot summers.
Spend a fucking hot day at the supermarket freezer section.
Take all fucking remaining leftovers when eating out.
Use a public hose to fucking wash your car.
Use a fucking pool at an apartment complex where you don't live.
Don't get a damn smart phone.
Don't own a fucking cell phone.
Always borrow some fucking stranger's cell phone to make a call.
Sell stuff that you get for free.
Never pay for anyone fucking else.
Watch a concert from the fucking hills.
Pirate fucking music and fucking movies.
Use free fucking packaging at the post office.
Use discarded packaging at the fucking post office.
Get free fucking makeovers at the mall.
Always take extra fucking napkins.
Take extra fucking complimentary drinks when flying.
Fucking take pads and tampons from the airline lavatory.
Rinse your fucking ziploc bags.
Fucking collect aluminum cans to sell to a recycling center.
Use ONE fucking napkin for the entire family at dinner.
Apply fucking tape to used envelopes and reuse.
Shove three fucking coats into one for coat check.
Never use the fucking heater.
Never use the fucking AC.
Drive around fucking hills.
Turn off all your fucking power strips when you leave home.
